= Mkm

Ruby interface for version 1.1 of the magiccardmarket.eu API.

== Usage

You'll need an OAuth credentials for a dedicated app from MKM.

Use with bundler

    gem 'mkm', github: 'boof/mkm'

Create a session

    session = Mkm.auth({
      app_token:           "xxxx",
      app_token_secret:    "xxxx",
      access_token:        "xxxx",
      access_token_secret: "xxxx"
    })

Retreive your account's data

    me = session.account.get_user # => Mkm::User
    me.id # => 9999
    me.username # => 'Maxi'

== TODO

* domain models (partially)
* documentation
* Account Management (partially)
* Market Place Information (partially)
* Order Management
* Shopping Cart Manipulation
* Stock Management (partially)
* Wants List Management

== Contributing to mkm

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2014 Florian Aßmann. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.
